uh an old front line has apparently
reopened in the war between Israeli
forces and Hamas fighters in Gaza
Witnesses describe heavy fighting in and
around the town of jabalia in the north
of the Gaza Strip Israel's Army
described the clashes as some of the
fiercest in seven months of War hours
earlier the military had recovered the
bodies of three Israeli hostages in Gaza
among them is German Israeli Shani luk
whose body was seen in the back of a
pickup truck in videos of the October
7th terror attack she was declared dead
later that month after fragments of her
skull were found the Army says she along
with amid buila andak G were killed by
Hamas at the Nova music festival and
their bodies taken into
Gaza they were celebrating life in the
Nova music festival and they were
murdered by Hamas
their bodies were transferred to Medical
Professional for forensic examination
and
identification after the procedure was
completed we notified their
families our hearts go out to
them and for more let's bring in DW's
Rebecca RS following the developments
for us from Jerusalem Rebecca what more
can you tell us about the three hostages
whose remains have been recovered by
Israeli forces
well Monica these three bodies the three
bodies of the latest hostages that have
been recovered were done so after an
operation that Daniel hagari the Israeli
military spokesman who you just heard
from there said was um an an operation
that had been going on for some time uh
he didn't give any more details about
just where these bodies were recovered
uh you know probably for intelligence
reasons pref preferring to keep that
information uh Under Wraps now um these
three people were taken as you just said
from the Nova Music Festival it was
thought for a short time that shaie look
that German uh Israeli was in alive but
it was confirmed in October that she had
been killed her father telling reporters
after news that her body had been
recovered that you know it was very sad
of course but that they had been
expecting this while the families of the
other two bodies that were recovered
were you know had a double shock because
they they were still holding holding out
some hope that their loved ones would be
found alive and would be released
dealing with the the realization that
those two people have been killed now
local media is reporting an Israeli
hostage negot negotiator saying that a
rougher operation would would severely
uh risk the hostages lives that it would
put the hostages lives in danger and we
know that Netanyahu prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu uh and many of his
government have been saying that
military pressure is desperately needed
in order for Hamas to come to some
agreement but this Israeli negotiator
saying that actually it may just cause
come us to Double Down uh and therefore
not not reach any agreement so saying
that the Rafa operation is incredibly
dangerous for the Israeli hostages and
of course the hostage families here in
Israel still desperately uh waiting and
uh very nervous about what's going to
happen in the future yeah and of course
we also just heard that Israel is
describing fresh and fierce battles with
Hamas fighters in jabalia in the north
of Gaza how is that Frontline affecting
the advance of Israel's offensive
further south near Rafa as you mentioned
earlier
well there is fighting right across the
Gaza Strip going on and we have been
hearing that the jabalia the troops
entered more than a week ago now and
they have been refighting there now they
had uh the Israeli troops had cleared
pretty much the northern Gaza Strip they
had said they had completed that
operation but now they have re begun it
they say so that uh more Hamas Fighters
can't regroup in those areas but
eyewitness reports on the ground have
said that residential areas have been
been targeted buildings um and you know
that that residential and people
Sheltering there have been targeted so
very intense situation happening right
across the strip still Rebecca RS there
in Jerusalem thank you so much Rebecca